kind='ContentData' source_type=<SourceType.YOUTUBE: 'YouTube'> text="Welcome. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening from wherever you're joining us from around the world. We're going to get started in just a minute. Um, we are piloting a new tool today that allows for live dubbing in other languages. So, we're testing that in Spanish. So, if you'd prefer to listen to today's event in Spanish, feel free to switch over to our parallel live stream feed right now by going to front row. ES. There will be a slight delay on that feed, but if you'd prefer the to view from there, we'd love to have you there. As we wait for some more instructors to join us, we invite everyone to answer our icebreaker question this morning, which you can access via the QR code in the top right corner of the screen. Um, as you submit your response, you should see um, responses from others as well. And I'll circle back to those in just a few minutes, but we'd love to know what you're most looking forward to in 2026. That could be personally or professionally. We'll be sharing several resources today and links via QR code in the same way. So, this is a great moment to practice using that feature. If you're just joining us, I'll repeat myself and just say welcome. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening from wherever you're joining us around the globe. We're going to get started in just a couple minutes. If you'd like to join um and watch our live stream with live dubbing in Spanish, please feel free to do that via front row.es. And as we wait for more instructors to join us live, please go ahead and use the QR code in the corner to answer our icebreaker question. We would love to know what you are looking forward to most in 2026, personally or professionally. And like I said, we'll be sharing several resources and links today via QR code. So this is a great moment to get out your phone, practice scanning that All right. So, I'm going to go ahead and officially get us started today. Welcome. Welcome to the second edition of the Udemy front row virtual event series. My name is Andrea Ramos Lewis from the Udemy instructor team and we are so excited today to give you a front row seat to just some of the many exciting things that we're working on here at Udemy. We had uh 830 attendees who registered to join us live today, which is so exciting. I'm pretty confident that is the largest instructor event maybe ever at Udemy, definitely in my almost four years here. So, it's an exciting day. Our presentation today is very forward-looking. So, before we dive in some more, I just want to take a quick moment to acknowledge a few milestones from this year. 2025 was a big and busy year for all of us on Udemy. Thousands of you have partnered with us to create over 12,000 role-play experiences for learners in 13 languages. and you've built hundreds of labs for our learners. Both of these features are creating a refreshed interactive experience for learners across Udemy. And the amount of creativity and innovation happening within your content is incredible. And we can't wait to see what we can all do together in 2026. All right, so moving on. Why are we here today? So, I want to provide some context for the instructors if you're just tuning in and especially if you've never joined us at a virtual instructor event like this before. We're thrilled to offer this exclusive event series for Udemy instructors who have at least one course in Udemy business. You are the core of our business and we want you to hear straight from us where we're going as a company and how instructors will continue to be a core component of our strategy. A few highlevel reminders for our event today. We will definitely be sharing some initiatives that are not set in stone and subject to change in terms of focus, scope, and timeline. And also, please keep in mind that this presentation is definitely not comprehensive of all of our company investments. It's just a brief snapshot. All right. If you've joined one of our virtual instructor events in the past, you may have noticed that uh we have a slight upgrade for today's event. We are testing out several new tools and features today. Um our event registration page has now magically transformed into our live stream page. And then postevent this will transform into a permanent landing page with the recording of this event as well as links and articles to a whole bunch of things that we're going to talk about today. So make sure you come back postevent and check that out as well. I want to give a huge shout out to the content innovation team here at Udemy for making all this magic happen. You're going to be hearing more about their phenomenal work later in our presentation today. And then as I mentioned at the beginning of the event, we are piloting this new tool today that allows us to do live dubbing in other languages. So instructors who speak Spanish were invited to register and join today's session via a parallel live stream with a slight delay. So if you'd prefer to listen to today's event in Spanish, feel free to switch over to that live stream at front row.es. We're going to have a postevent survey that we'll share at the end of the event. But I just want to say at the top that we really want your feedback today, not only on the event content that we share, but also on this new streaming platform, the registration experience, and particularly on that live dubbing experience for our instructors watching in Spanish. All right, really quickly, I want to go back to that icebreaker question before we dive in and share a few of your responses that came through. So, I see more time traveling. I am right there with you. Um, looking forward to my next two courses. Professionally, they are going to be fun. I love that. Growing our partnership with Udemy. We share that with you as well. Creating more courses uh that are interactive by using AI and teaching tools. Absolutely. Oo, I love this one. Getting settled with a new home and studio in LA. Congratulations to that person. Uh, and then I'll read one more. I hope to generate more audience with new courses and by using Udemi's new tools. Well, can't beat that. That is awesome. Thank you all so much for sharing those. Um, that's fantastic. All right, we're really excited to see how we grow and evolve in 2026 as well. I'm going to hop hop hoply quickly hop into our agenda for today and share a little bit more about who you're going to be hearing from. So in just a minute I'm going to pass the baton to Hugo Sarzen our CEO who will talk about what we're seeing as our greatest opportunities in the midst of a rapidly evolving world. After Hugo Ramji Sundara Rajan our president of consumer will walk through our strategic pivot pivots as a business for 2026 and beyond. Then our new head of content and instructor strategy, Zayn Bella, is going to share several new initiatives that align instructor incentives with evolving learner needs. And then to wrap up, our content innovation leader, Ava Plast, will demonstrate how we're evolving content on the platform to meet learners where they are today. So without further ado, we're really excited to welcome our CEO, Hugo Sarzin, to the virtual stage. Hugo, take it away. >> Good morning, everyone. I'm so excited to be here. Um, we're also living in really extra an extraordinary moment in history. Um, we've had OpenAI announced Chat GPT in November 2022 and something magical happened. It unleashed a flurry of innovation and the pace is just breathtaking. Look at where we are today. Google V3 is creating video content that rivals Hollywood production. Alongside its nano banana image editor and designer, Open AI has announced a talent platform. Cloud now has a skill building platform. According to some estimates, you know, Open AI and cloud 40% of the queries are for educational purposes. every week brings mind-blowing innovation that would have seemed like science fiction years ago. For many of us, it's accelerating. I'm excited. Uh the pace of innovation, the possibilities, the breakthrough we never thought we'd see in our lifetime are happening right now. I want to be part of it. I want to, you know, take it all in. But I also know that for others it's disorienting and maybe even unsettling. The approach we've relied on for years are changing overnight. And that's true for learner and I know it's true for instructors. In moment like this, it's easy to feel like sand is shifting beneath your feet. And I want you to know that. I see and feel it too. And I want to acknowledge how much of yourself you've given to this platform, to your learners, and to this community. That's why we're here today. We need to meet the moment together and find shared meaning and opportunity in what's happening around us so that it doesn't feel like the world is moving forward without us. Here's what I want you to know. We see this transformation not as a threat but as the greatest opportunity in education we've ever witnessed. And I'm going to give you three examples. At the Swiss University of Uni distance, a neuroscience course used Chat GPT3 uh with an AI tutor to provide student with real-time feedback and personalized practice and they were able to measure you know the learning outcomes and it improved 15% versus the control group. That's pretty amazing and that's just the beginning. CHED GPT3 that's the old one. At Harvard, uh they've done some research where they found students using AI tutors learn twice as fast as those in traditional active learning models. Lastly, Alpha School founded by you know some Silicon Valley uh you know tech innovator is pouring millions and millions and millions into a very very different school K to2 where uh students use AI to learn. they're learning twice as fast and then they spend the rest of the day like they spend the morning learning with AI and then in the afternoon they can go and work on projects and work on on things together and in um physical activity. So they're they're changing the whole mix of the curriculum and students at that school are scoring top 2% in their category. So that's pretty amazing and I think we're going to see more and more and more as we all figure out how to best use this new technology to augment what we do. Now some of you may be thinking with all this AI advancement where does that leave us as instructor? Where does that leave the human element in learning? Well, let me be very very clear. Here's what we believe at Udemy. While tools like Chhatipedi or Google Gemini excel at synthesizing and delivering information, building new skills is something much deeper. It's going to require an entirely different approach to AI in a different way of using LLMs. To build a new skills, we need to change and strengthen neural pathway through processes like repeated practice, hands-on engagement, and active problem solving. And this is nothing, you know, new. Research on neuroplasticity and experiential learnings tells us that skill building only happens when learner actively do rather than passively consume content. This is where great instructors matter. You structure concepts, practices, and real world application in a way that makes transformation possible. You're helping learner rewire how they think and act. It's your special power and it's an it's at the intersection where we see the greatest opportunity. on one hand to emphasize the unique experience that only human-toum learning makes possible and on the other to empower instructors as curators and directors of AI to amplify the insights and the pedagogy that makes each of you unique. AI will never replace the spark of human connection, but it is a powerful partner. And with AI, we can now build experiences that are more adaptive, more engaging, and more scalable than ever. Imagine being able to assess learning understanding in real time, identify gaps, and help them grow all dynamically and seamlessly. As we meet the changing demands of learner, we see a future where our platform reflects that evolution, offering you not just the tools but the opportunities to succeed and grow as creators. That's why we've made significant strategic shift which I've outlined in the past. These are purposeful responses to the way learners are engaging with education in today's world. Let me remind the highlevel ones. On the B2B size, we're becoming an enterprise skill acceleration platform for organization. This means we're no longer only helping employees learn or prep for certification exam. We're helping them master skills by doing and we can use labs, we can use AI roleplay. We're validating that they have mastered the current skills. Again, we can use AI to assess frequently and constantly. And then we're accelerating skills development through the personalization and human support. We can do hybrid and and communities and cohorts in ways that we couldn't before. So at the end of the day on the B2B side, we're moving from a content catalog to a workforce management platform where we can help leaders understand the skills that their employees have and help them develop new ones. On the B to C side, we're becoming the learner's career companion. Okay? We're helping people realize their personal and professional goals. We want to accompany people through every stage of their professional lives, helping them achieve personal and professional growth through content, but also coaching and membership services and career opportunity like you've seen us do at Indeed. At the heart of both instructors remain the irreplaceable human connection. To deliver on these outcomes, we need continuous engagement with our learners. We are therefore embracing a subscription model on the enterprise and on the consumer side to enable more ongoing daily experiences. We are confident this will allow us to build a thriving sustainable platform where instructors like you will continue to share in our collective success. Today we're going to share our plans and commitment to this future. We are excited near we have sorry we have a exciting near-term initiatives to help instructor deliver on these new learners expectation and create new learning experiences. The new capabilities also align your financial incentives with the new reality of continuous learner engagement that subscription delivers. Think about it this way. Instead of going and hoping that someone stumbles across your course once, we're building a future where learners stay engaged with you and your content and your experiences over time. where you come back for your guidance, where they see you as their trusted advisor through their career journey. We're building this future with AI as our complimentary ally. While LLM will answer questions, they can't replace the connection, the credibility, and transformation that bring that you bring to learning. Be confident that the innovation we're planning over the next year are all designed to amplify your voice, not replace it. All of these innovations are designed with one principle in mind. Instructor success is Udemy success. Before we dive into the rest of the program, I want to say thank you. Thank you for making Udemy the global success story it has been and for always being early adopters of change. The world has changed dramatically since JPT launch, but our belief in the power of great instructor has not changed. We can't do any of this without you and we look forward to building the future together. And with that, I'm going to pass it on to Ranchie. Good morning. Thank you, Hugo. It is exactly 4 months on August 11th when I joined Udemy as the uh president of the consumer business. I couldn't be more excited to be here. I've talked to many instructors one-on-one and in other events. Uh but it is great to be here talking to all of you today. I want to talk about three things. Uh Hugo talked about some critical trends. I want to talk about the implications of those trends, what it means for the Udemy consumer business and how we are evolving and adapting as a result of it. So let me talk about a few implications of these trends. The massive growth of chatbots's AI tools has fundamentally changed the way consumers learn and how our consumer business operates. Skills half-life, right? Skills that you know are becoming less and less relevant while new skills are becoming more and more important at a pace of change never ever seen in the history of the world. Our learner preferences as a result have also evolved. While long- form video content is useful, a lot of our learners, particularly the younger ones, are learning through podcast, short videos, bite-size content, and increasingly they want it more personalized to them. Hugo mentioned this, LLMs have become learning engines. Depending on which chatbots research you believe, up to 40% of queries on these chatbot platforms are actually education related. It's one prompt away. And finally, a combination of all these has also led to massive marketing shifts in the way the consumer internet operates. With Google AI overviews and more and more of traffic coming from these chatbots, new traffic sources are growing in importance while traditional methods like paid search, paid social are decreasing in importance. So we are at a moment of massive change to how marketing has historically operated. Now, what does this mean for us in Udemy Consumer? You heard Hugo talk about it. Our goal is to become the career companion for our learners and consumers. At the end of the day, people want to either get a new job or grow in their current jobs. And we want to help them with content, certifications, job outcomes, and career preparation. The second thing is around reskilling. 60% of uh employees globally need reskilling. This is the biggest opportunity for us and you specifically our instructor partners, your industry leading expertise and and credibility that helps us produce rapid uh content refreshes at the speed at which the world is changing will be a huge differentiator. Content formats, you'll hear from AA later today around how we are adapting to the new reality of learner expectations with new content formats and byite-size learning. Finally, on the business model, as a result of all the changes I talked to on the consumer internet, our business model of selling marketplace courses is under a lot of pressure from a unit cost and economic standpoint. We are adapting this to say we will move and have the marketplace business and increasingly a recurring revenue and a subscription first business model. When this happens, our learners don't just do one and done. They actually learn repeatedly and regularly. They build deeper skills. And by engaging with us deeper, we and you have an opportunity to monetize and grow better with this. I heard you loud and clear in previous events on how instructors can grow along with this transformation that Udemy is going through. So, I'll talk about a few things that we're doing as a result. These trends affect the entire industry, not just Udemy. So, we're doing a few things to grow and transform with you. Our subscription first uh pivot is an important one and we want to have instructors be part of the transformation and grow with us. We're going to be making some uh changes immediately. We are removing our free trials on our personal plan. We heard your feedback from previous uh occasions. This helps you monetize better. This helps us monetize better. We will not be offering the default as a free trial anymore in our major markets and we are gradually uh removing it from more and more of our markets as we speak. The second one is around how do we help instructors grow even better. Some of our leading instructors today use coupons and other community building methods to grow in a very uh smart way. Building communities, building learning outcomes, and finding successful growth strategies. We're going to work with you to reimagine how do we help instructors get best practices on how to grow their business leveraging some of our strategies uh from who does it better and how do we help you uh move with it. Now lastly, I will say this. This is a time of massive change and evolution in the consumer business. As Hugo said, this is our moment. This is also our moment of massive opportunity, the likes of which we have never ever seen in the world before. I'll reiterate the human plus AI uh point that Hugo made. Our instructors have never been more important than ever. Your human human capabilities, your expertise combined with your AI tools have the power to unleash a reskilling opportunity the world has never seen before. I will again say thank you for all your partnership and collaboration and I'm looking forward to shaping this new opportunity and growth with you. Uh I'm going to hand over to Zane to talk about how are we uh aligning and and finding more ways to grow together. So with that I will hand over to Zane to to talk about the instructor uh initiatives. Thanks Rom. Uh good morning uh good afternoon all around the world. Um so I'm the VP of content and instructor strategy. Um and it is uh a very um uh it's a huge pleasure to be um sharing today's announcements. Um, in this role, I carry the torch for the critical importance of Udemy's global network of expert instructors across our business. I've long believed in Udemy's vision of democratizing education and I'm an even bigger fan and believer in our mission today to build the world's leading AI powered upskilling platform. I've also had the chance to meet many of you over the past months and I am genuinely moved by the passion you bring to your craft, the impact Udemy has had on your lives, and the dedication you show your learners. And in a moment when technology, learner expectations, and business models are shifting quickly, I'm here to share several important updates about how we're evolving the platform. Many of these ideas reflect what we've heard from you and we hope will increasingly become a shared vision for the future. So, first an update on our subscri on our subscription strategy and how we're better aligning incentives for both Udemy and instructors. As you heard from Hugo and Ramji, our marketplace and subscription models will continue to coexist. But as subscriptions grow, we want to ensure that you participate directly in that growth. We also know that the current subscription revenue share pool, while growing fast, is still relatively small compared to Udemy overall. So today, we're announcing a new incentive called the subscription bonus. This is a $2 million investment in 2026 to directly reward instructors who are driving subscription growth. And I'm pleased to share that this program is effective as of today, December 11th. Uh kudos to the product and engineering teams who made this event happen in time uh who made this happen in time for the event today and everyone at Udemy who collaborated to put this important program in place for our instructors. So a few important clarifications. Um this is not another affiliate program. Um you as instructors do not need to do anything to qualify. You do not need to drive the traffic. You will simply be rewarded when your course pages lead to a consumer subscription. You'll begin seeing these bonus payments on your payout dashboards and these earnings will appear as a dedicated line item titled subscription bonuses in your revenue report. Most importantly, this subscription bonus gives us an immediate way to recognize and reward instructor's impact on subscription growth. right now and to align our financial interests as we transform the consumer business. There's going to be a lot more detailed information about the subscription bonus available on the front row website when uh this stream ends. Um and uh a few other places in the uh uh blogs and our our typical places we post. But this is just the beginning and we believe there are several opportunities for much deeper alignment. Over the past several months, many of you have shared how you are increasingly engaging learners outside of Udemy, running live stream sessions, building communities, and often producing shorter, more frequent content for an engaged audience. Many learners are also signaling a growing desire for sustained meaningful connections that support them as they engage with new content and build new skills. We've looked at this closely and believe that Udemy can help instructors scale these communities of learners through marketing and promotion and that we can also provide valuable tools for engagement and learner retention. So today I'm excited to share that in 2026 we will be piloting a new offering called instructor subscriptions. Instructor subscriptions are not traditional Udemy courses and they do not and will not replace them. They are a new complimentary experience designed to help you one build a strong community of monthly subscribed learners. Two, to engage and retain those learners. Three, to experiment with new content formats, including short form content, but also projects, webinars, and other new experiences. And most importantly to all of this to create a steady and scalable recurring revenue stream. We also want to continue to align incentives meaningfully. So specifically for these new instructor subscriptions and specifically not for traditional Udemy courses, the instructor subscription revenue share will be 50/50. And when you bring the learner, revenue will be shared 7030 in your favor. So big picture, 2026 will be a learning year. We want to learn together what experiences truly matter to our learners, what helps instructors grow sustainable subscription communities, and how Udemy can meaningfully scale these communities over time. One area we're particularly excited about, as I mentioned before, is short form content. This includes content under the current 30inut course minimum. We know learners value shorter, more frequent updates, and instructor subscriptions will be an important test bed for what works best. If you're interested in participating in the 2026 instructor subscription pilot, please indicate your interest via the QR code on the screen. Our third announcement builds on this theme of shorter, more adaptable learning experiences. As many of you know, there's a global shift in education toward flexible, personalized microlearning. Microlearning breaks skills down into short targeted learning moments. Things like quick explanations, scenario-based exercises, interactive checks for understanding, and brief practice activities. This approach meets learners where they are in the flow of work on mobile devices, through company chat bots, and otherwise in short bursts of time throughout the day. And today I'm excited to share a preview of Udemy's AI powered microlearning pilot. In this vision, instructors remain absolutely central. As Hugo said, we see instructors becoming curators and directors of AI, bringing your expertise, pedagogy, and creativity to new formats that can scale to millions of learners. Here's a recent prototype of a learner asking for help deploying a machine learn model. Uh, pardon me, a machine learning model. Similar to common chat bots, the learner is asking questions and getting immediate answers. But Udemy Microlarning also serves up interactive activities appropriate to the learner skill level and offers short instructor videos for clarification and guidance. As you can see here in the video, there was a short widget that allowed you to resort learning um and then uh get feedback in real time right there in the device. Um and if you wanted to learn a little more, there's a short video clip that you can go to of the instructor talking about that particular challenge at that particular moment. In conjunction with these tools, right, to see a kind of exciting new way of experiencing content like that, we're also debuting a powerful new AI tool set specifically designed for instructors that will help transform your existing courses into rich interactive microlearning. Uh on the screen here, you'll see a couple examples of those. Um uh at this moment we're looking through a collection of courses and then on demand being able to create those interactive microllearning experiences directly from that course. This uh AI tool set um is incredibly powerful, right? Our our platform is able to analyze your course, identify key learning objectives, and automatically generate a set of interactive activities tailored to those objectives. Our AI, learning science, product, research, and design teams have collaborated on an initial set of interactive experiences to unlock powerful new learning moments. And it's now going to take testing, experimentation, feedback, and iteration to learn what really works and what is most effective for our learners. The most important thing, and we hope you see it clearly, is that this only works in partnership with you, the instructor. Only you can validate whether or not the AI has gotten it right. Only you know if the AI has captured the essence of your teaching in an acceptable way or not and only you know whether a suggested microllearning activity needs a quick adjustment or whether you want to enhance it and that's where the power is going to come from. True to Ude's roots we see this as a platform for your authorship your direction and your creation. This will be a new way for learners to acquire skills and most importantly a new way for instructors to generate revenue through learner engagement and skill acquisition. Also true to our roots, we fundamentally believe in the innovation that will come from you. One of you may be the Michelangelo of interactive microlearning, the first to truly master this emerging medium and show the world what's possible. And just like courses in the marketplace, we believe the best microlearning experiences will rise to the top and reward their creators. If you're interested in early access to the microlearning pilot, please indicate your interest via the QR code on screen now. and we're excited to be on this innovation journey with you. So to recap, u effective today, the subscription bonus begins rewarding instructors whose course pages drive consumer subscription enrollments. In 2026, we'll launch the instructor subscriptions pilot, empowering instructors to build learner communities and innovate with short form content. And also in 26, we'll kick off the Udemy microlearning pilot, transforming course content into interactive AI powered learning experiences and pioneering these new learning experiences for both enterprise and consumer learners. So, and if you didn't catch the QR codes, uh there will be um signups available on the site when the stream is done. So, uh, thank you for joining us, hearing some of our plans for 26, and giving us the chance to share how central you and all of our expert instructors are to the future. There's a ton to learn, and we'll be doing that together. But there is one more thing um that we're excited to share with you. So, in addition to the subscript sub in addition to the subscription bonus and the instructor subscription and the sneak peek at the Udemy microlearning, we have one more important commitment to the instructor community to further communicate how central Udemy instructors are to our future. So to accelerate the future of learning on Udemy and to support our instructors that are leading the charge in educational innovation, we are launching a content innovation fund starting with a $2.5 million commitment. This dedicated investment is designed to provide grants, resources, and incentives for instructors to pioneer new content formats, to experiment with subscription-based communities, and to create engaging new microlearning experiences. Whether you have a vision to develop a whole new way to teach your favorite subjects with short form content or a vision for a specific skill focused learning community or specific ideas how to transform your existing courses into bite-sized chunks that can meet a learner in the flow of work. This fund is designed to remove financial barriers and support experimentation. More info about the application process, eligibility criteria, and additional terms will be announced separately, but in the meantime, please get your wheels turning and know we're excited as ever to build the future together. So, thank you for being amazing Udemy instructors and for navigating this moment of change with us. We're listening closely. We're learning from you, and we're ready for what's ahead. Next up, Ava, who leads our content innovation team, will go deeper into some exciting production resources that can be a part of your future content experimentation. And we are genuinely excited about what comes next. Thank you. Over to Ava. >> Hello. Thank you, Zayn, for giving an exciting preview of the tremendous opportunities that are unfolding weekly here at Udemy. My name is Ava Plass. I'm the director of content innovation at Udemy and I'm really excited to speak to many of you for the very first time. Also happy to say hello again to some instructor friends I've made this past year. Okay. What Hugo, Ramsey, and Zayn highlighted very clearly this morning is that we are in a new era for learning where our learners have compelled us to move beyond traditional course models and where instructors like yourself can reach learners in more dynamic, modular, and adaptive ways than ever before. But even as these new capabilities emerge, one thing remains constant. You are the heart of the learning experience here. Your learners still look to you for answers to their most valuable pressing questions. It is your expertise, your creativity, and your ability to translate complexity into clarity that has made Udemy what it is today and is the way that we are going to meet this exciting moment at our company. Hugo talked about the momentum that we're seeing as AI enhances learning pathways and Zayn outlined the shift towards subscriptions and microlearning. All of this points towards a future where learners engage with content differently and where the opportunities for you to influence and inspire grow even broader. But with that opportunity comes a challenge for you and for us. How do we support you, our instructors, as the craft of teaching expands week over week? How do we make it easier to create for these new formats without adding friction, complexity, or fear? And I want to take a moment to pause here and share a personal perspective about that last bit. You are not alone. You're deeply not alone. If you are feeling fear or trepidation as you embark on creating new forms of content at Udemy and elsewhere, I've been in online video education for over 15 years, working with hundreds of educators to bring their expertise to life on film. The landscape of my career path and the careers of my closest friends and colleagues has had tectonic shifts in the last year alone. We are adapting weekly and the struggle as they say is real. 15 years ago, capturing a highquality lecture meant renting a studio, hiring a full crew, and investing thousands of dollars into a single shot. Today, your smartphone's microphone, this is not hyperbole, your smartphone's microphone rivals a professional microphone from just 5 years ago. Microphones and lighting gear and camera equipment that used to be only for professional use are now available on Amazon for under $100. It's truly astounding and it gets better every day. And then there's AI. So, we could spend an entire front row event just on the explosion of AI tools in production and post-production. from editing to captions uh to from editing to captions to animation. What once took hours now takes minutes. We personally are astounded by these advancements. But they can also be a little scary, opaque, and quite honestly frustrating to understand when we first dive into them. I can imagine these big changes at Udemy with our content formats might feel similar. That's where the content innovation team is going to step in. Our role is not to present a suite of new tools and ask you to adapt. Our role is to walk beside you as this landscape shifts. We want to help translate these new formats into clear, approachable workflows and to ensure that you have the creative guidance, structure, and support to bring your expertise into this new modular interactive world with confidence. We will try to anticipate your questions, but we will also receive your questions and your feedback in real time. We will tinker behind the scenes on solutions and new tools to help support you and we will present those solutions to you with ideas and advice for how to implement them. The instructor production hub is our first step towards that vision. This is a foundation for the partnership between you and my team. It represents our commitment to making content creation more intuitive, more supportive, and more aligned with how teaching itself is changing daily. It brings together the essential building blocks, guidance on structuring short form and microlearning content, access to curated creative resources, and pathways that help you adapt your long- form strengths into modular formats without losing the depth and nuance that your learners value. So, I'd love to start with some new video tutorials that we have created because I see these as the quickest and easiest ways to upskill right away. We've been trying to practice what we preach here. So, uh giving you these quick start guides will help you level up your equipment, your filming environments, and your post-production skills. You can also find these on our YouTube channel where we've grouped them all together. So if you want to binge them, you can or you can do it one at a time. I want you to not only look at these as product recommendations or advice, but also as exposition. So we will of course include recommendations, but I also want to show you what a difference they can make. And so you will see the effects that all of these um recommendations make on the videos themselves. Okay. My team also wants to hook you up with some resources that we use and love daily. Slide templates, motion graphics, images, AI tools that are near and dear to us. We not only share the actual templates with you, but we also make sure that you know how to use them. Okay, we will be expanding these assets as you share with us what you use the most, what's the most useful, and what's the least useful. So, if you have suggestions or questions about how to implement these new uh new tools or new skills, hit me up. We'll add a we'll add a um a blog post to the production hub or create a new video for you. All right. So, what do we do with all these new skills? The instructor subscription model will include short form video and microlearning opportunities for your learners. This is a really exciting advancement in the last half of this year as it doesn't require you to learn how to make and publish content for social channels like Tik Tok or YouTube. It's all going to be in the Udemy platform experience for your learners. You have a great advantage. You have the advantage of knowing how to speak to your learners already. It's why they subscribe to you and it's why they take your classes. You'll be making and testing content that won't be buried by an algorithm. The way it can feel like sometimes our best work gets buried in the deluge of materials on popular social channels. As I've said, the production hub is only the beginning of our efforts to help guide you through this process. You heard Zayn just moments ago talk about a microlearning pilot that will begin in 2026, helping you transform cont uh course content into interactive AI powered learning experiences. As I've been watching these new tools unfold, I'm happy to share with you that the entire team is centering both the learner and the instructor experience. My team's commitment is to ensure that these tools evolve. As these tools evolve, you never have to navigate them alone. We will build along with you. We will guide you and collaborate with you as these new formats take shape. The production hub is where our partnership begins, but it's truly just a gateway to even more support and fun to be had together. Okay. What excites me most is not these tools themselves. Although as an aside, it is a close second. Um, there have been so many gorgeous projects born across Udemy in just the last few months. It's been a very, very exciting time to be here. Um, but it's really what these tools will enable. They're going to allow us to imagine a future where learners encounter you and your expertise in many forms. A quick micro lesson that sparks insight at the exact right moment. a series of modular activities that helps them practice skills incrementally or a rich evolving subscription experience where your content meets learners exactly where they are. Okay, with that, I'd love for you to poke around the production hub at some point this week. We have a feedback button at the bottom of the homepage where you can make requests for specific content you might need or share with us what you'd like to see more or less of. We all know and live every day. We all know that the hardest and most meaningful parts of learning are still deeply human. Sparking curiosity, inspiring confidence, and helping people unlock their potential. That is your superpower. Thank you so much for everything you have already created and for everything you'll be creating for us in the future. We can't wait to see what you come up with. We're grateful to have you on this journey with us and I am grateful for your time today. I will pass it back to Andrea. Thank you so much, Ava, Zane, Ramji, Hugo. Wow, that was a lot of information. I genuinely hope that each of you feels inspired and excited for what's to come for instructors on Udemy. Our teams are working really hard behind the scenes to bring all these initiatives to life. We can't wait to see how they evolve over the coming months. Um, thank you for taking the time to attend our event today. There's going to be lots more to share about everything that was covered today as we head into 2026 and we look forward to sharing more with you really soon. Um on the screen now you'll see a final QR code for the event which is a link to our postevent survey. That survey is also available in Spanish by changing the language in the upper right hand corner. We'd really really appreciate your feedback both on the presentation of today's content um including you know what the speakers covered but also the experience itself the registration process the live stream experience and especially for our instructors that joined on the Spanish live stream we really want to know how your experience was and how we all sounded in Spanish. Um later today, this same live stream page will transform into a permanent landing page with the recording of this event as well as links to all the things that we mentioned today. So if you missed any of those QR codes or any of the signups, don't worry, it'll all be accessible to you back at front row. Um you can also go ahead and check out the production hub like Ava said, that is live, so feel free to dig in there. That is all we have for you today. I just want to thank you all again for joining. Um I wish you and your families and loved ones a wonderful end to the year and a great start to 2026. Thank you so much. We'll see you next year." metadata={'url': 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqnOOjJ6IfA', 'domain': 'youtube.com', 'title': 'Udemy Front Row Dec 11, 2025', 'published_date': '20251211', 'video_id': 'cqnOOjJ6IfA', 'channel': 'Udemy', 'duration': 3173, 'description': '', 'tags': []} token_count=None
